
test:test works!

idk:idk works

sidhant:he is a bitch

hey:shut the fuck up don't talk to me you lowly human being

kys:no, you should kill yourself. you are a stain on your already worthless race and if you think you will ever impact the pitiful world you live in, you are greatly mistaken and should be euthanized to prevent your genes from rampaging through the mistake that humanity is. please, kill yourself. you will contribute nothing to society and will be a burden on the wretched for the rest of your lfe

communism:just don’t.

yash:quick! hide the kids

pedo:yash is here!

succ:ew

u:no u

nani:fuck outta mah face, weeb shit

amogh:he is the true bullyhunter_77 and works for zucc

ping:https://discordemoji.com/assets/emoji/pingsock.png

owo:https://discordemoji.com/assets/emoji/owo.png

ping:https://discordemoji.com/assets/emoji/pingsock.png

space:https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/438350684665151508/438397252227170304/space.jpg

despacito:https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/260296742992478208/435985408934019122/despacito_2.png

wassup: nothing much, you inferior biological construct. can we talk about how much of a waste humanity is?

antivaxxers: hey guys anti vaxxers has a negative connotation that automatically discredits the person and writes them off as a nut. this is an interesting topic to look into. doctors actually receive very little training on vaccines. generally they are just given a schedule and told to follow it. there are a lot of questions surrounding the vaccine industry. they are not regulated like regular drugs. just the fact that a bill was passed in the 90's which essentially made it impossible to sue vaccine companies should raise some eyebrows. furthermore the government has set up a trust fund that is used to settle cases of vaccine damage. obviously the big pharma is going to love vaccines because they are a cash cow with little regulation and zero liability. there have been a lot of studies that show a correlation between modern day diseases and vaccinations. is this causation? that is the question. fact is there are a lot of potentially toxic ingredients that could be more harmful than good. in the pre 80's autism was very rare like 1 on 15k. now it's like one in 15 (stats may be a little off but you get the point). i guess the point is that this is a debate worth having. remember those really long commercials on tv for all these great new medications, that's where stations get a lot of their funding, so just because you don't hear news stories about the possibility that vaccines may not be great is because they will not risk losing funding. i have a new son, and have been looking into the matter for that reason. it's actually pretty scary when you see the facts and statistics. not saying don't vaccinate, but maybe some vaccines are much more dangerous than others and maybe giving your 2 month old 9 doses at a time is not a good idea.

fortnite:minecraft youtubers lead to the rise of fortnite. let me elaborate. around 2012, minecraft was crazy popular, the hunger games movies were coming out, and minecraft youtubers and minigames servers were on the rise. when someone made a “hunger games in minecraft” minigame, it was the perfect storm. i remember at the beginning there were maybe one or two little maps of vanilla-generated terrain walled in by glass on one very specific server that was probably the only one to have it at the time. major minecraft youtubers like captainsparklez and antvenom popularized the gamemode with their videos and eventually it became a staple of many massive servers (that were also on the rise) with giant beautifully hand-built maps and massive numbers of players in each game. between the exposure and the fact that the gamemode was just straight up fun it started appearing as mods for other games as well. battlegrounds started out as a dayz mod around this time. fast forward and battlegrounds got published and got big, and then fortnite came into the scene and surpassed it because of how accessible it was. “surely battle royale existed before minecraft hunger games” even if it had it was minecraft that made it popular first. however you slice it pubg and fortnite are literally just modern minecraft hunger games, and it was minecraft youtubers who brought the original into the limelight

nikhil : nikhil originated for dimension 737, he is classified as a class 3 peace lord and is one of the ascended, the only people who can fight the dark lord chin chin

nikhil:nikhil originated for dimension 737, he is classified as a class 3 peace lord and is one of the ascended, the only people who can fight the dark lord chin chin

hmmm:https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/432146341477482496/434805864004845568/tinkling.gif

goteem:https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/432146341477482496/435147422692540417/limaooo.png

nikhil:nikhil originated for dimension 737, he is classified as a class 3 peace lord and is one of the ascended, the only people who can fight the dark lord chin chin, upon opening a portal to earth, he discovered that it was rich in chromosomes and a suitable place to train for his eternal fight against chin chin, he eventually found some class 3 rakenfiles who serve under him in the clan known as 10g2 against chin chin and his minons. nikhil now spends his days in eternally training for the big war.

joke:no you are a joke

taha:cuter version of ronaqali

obama:Chitra's Son

obama'sgf:michelle

zucc:half lizard half robot, pure sexiness

modslave: it's not a bug it's a feature

chris:shiba inu god

shiba: gay!!

shiba:notgay

rishant:communist slug

father:boi

thiccboi:taha

oppai:boob

carlos: bitconnneeeect!!
